Frozen Functions (#317)
mitsuba-renderer/drjit: src/python/docstr.rst

    Note that this information can also be queried in a more fine-grained
    manner (per variable) using the :py:attr:`drjit.ArrayBase.state` field.

.. topic:: JitFlag_KernelFreezing

>     Enable recording of functions annotated with :py:func:`freeze`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Enable recording and replay of functions annotated with :py:func:`freeze`.
```

    If KernelFreezing is enabled, all Dr.Jit operations executed in a function 

>     annotated with :py:func:`freeze` are recorded at it's first call and 
>     replayed on subsequent calls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    annotated with :py:func:`freeze` are recorded during its first call, 
    and replayed without re-tracing on subsequent calls.
    
    If this flag is disabled, replay of previously frozen functions is disabled 
    as well.
```
